Refresh the Background Services page and add 2 missing sections (#1876)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/javascript/background-services.md

# Debug background services

The **Background Services** section of Microsoft Edge DevTools is a collection of tools for the Web APIs that enable your website to send and receive data even when a user doesn't use your website, and enable the browser to report production problems to your server.

Microsoft Edge DevTools considers each of the following APIs to be a background service:

*  [Background Fetch](#background-fetch)
*  [Background Sync](#background-sync)
*  [Notifications](#notifications)
*  [Periodic Background Sync](#periodic-background-sync)
*  [Push Messages](#push-messages)
*  [Reporting API](#reporting-api)
<!-- TODO: add a section about Payment Handler -->

The **Background Services** section logs API events, even when you're not using DevTools, to help you make sure that events are being sent and received as expected.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Background Fetch

The **Background Fetch API** enables the **service worker** of a Progressive Web App to reliably download large resources, like movies or podcasts, as a background service.  To log Background Fetch events for 3 days, even when DevTools isn't open:

> 1. Open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by right-clicking in the webpage and selecting **Inspect**.  Or by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.
```

Author: Done, and removed `DevTools opens`.

1. On the left, in the **Background Services** section, select **Background Fetch**.  The **Background Fetch** page opens.

   ![The Background Fetch panel.](./images/application-background-fetch-empty.png)

1. Click **Record** (![Record.](../media/record-icon.msft.png)).
   After triggering some Background Fetch activity, DevTools logs the events to the table.

   ![A log of events in the Background Fetch panel.](./images/application-background-fetch-events.png)

1. Click an event to view its details in the space below the table.

   ![View the details of an event in the Background Fetch pane.](./images/application-background-fetch-details.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Background Sync

The **Background Sync API** enables the offline **service worker** of a Progressive Web App to send data to a server once it has re-established a reliable internet connection.  To log Background Sync events for 3 days, even when DevTools isn't open:

> 1. Open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by right-clicking in the webpage and selecting **Inspect**.  Or by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.
```

Author: Done, and removed `DevTools opens`.

1. On the left, in the **Background Services** section, select **Background Sync**.  The **Background Sync** page opens.

   ![The Background Sync pane.](./images/application-background-sync-empty.png)

1. Click **Record** (![Record.](../media/record-icon.msft.png)).  After triggering some Background Sync activity, DevTools logs the events to the table.

   ![A log of events in the Background Sync pane.](./images/application-background-sync-events.png)

1. Select an event to view its details in the space below the table.

   ![View the details of an event in the Background Sync pane.](./images/application-background-sync-details.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Notifications

After a **service worker** has received a [Push Message](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Push_API) from a server, the service worker uses the [Notifications API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Notifications_API) to display the data to a user.  To log Notifications for 3 days, even when DevTools isn't open:

> 1. Open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by right-clicking in the webpage and selecting **Inspect**.  Or by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.
```

Author: Done, and removed `DevTools opens`.

   ![The Notifications pane.](./images/application-notifications-empty.png)

1. Click **Record** (![Record.](../media/record-icon.msft.png)).  After triggering some Notifications activity, DevTools logs the events to the table.

   ![A log of events in the Notifications pane.](./images/application-notifications-events.png)

1. Click an event to view its details in the space below the table.

   ![View the details of an event in the Notifications pane.](./images/application-notifications-details.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Periodic Background Sync

The **Periodic Background Sync API** enables the **service worker** of a Progressive Web App to retrieve data from a server, periodically, even when the website isn't opened. To learn more about the **Periodic Background Sync API**, see [Use the Periodic Background Sync API to regularly get fresh content](/microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/background-syncs#use-the-periodic-background-sync-api-to-regularly-get-fresh-content).

To log Periodic Background Sync events for 3 days, even when DevTools isn't open:

> 1. Open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by right-clicking in the webpage and selecting **Inspect**.  Or by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.
```

Author: Done, and removed `DevTools opens`.

1. On the left, in the **Background Services** section, select **Periodic Background Sync**.  The **Periodic Background Sync** page opens.

   ![The Periodic Background Sync pane.](./images/application-periodic-background-sync-empty.png)

1. Click **Record** (![Record.](../media/record-icon.msft.png)).  After triggering some Periodic Background Sync activity, DevTools logs the events to the table.

   ![A log of events in the Periodic Background Sync pane.](./images/application-periodic-background-sync-events.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Push Messages

To display a push notification to a user, the **service worker** of a Progressive Web App must first use the [Push Message API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Push_API) to receive data from a server.  When the service worker is ready to display the notification, it uses the [Notifications API](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Notifications_API).  To log Push Messages for 3 days, even when DevTools isn't open:

> 1. Open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by right-clicking in the webpage and selecting **Inspect**.  Or by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.
```

Author: Done, and removed `DevTools opens`.

1. On the left, in the **Background Services** section, select **Push Messaging**.  The **Push Messaging** page opens.

   ![Open the Push Messaging pane.](./images/application-push-messaging-empty.png)

1. Click **Record** (![Record.](../media/record-icon.msft.png)).  After triggering some Push Message activity, DevTools logs the events to the table.

   ![A log of events in the Push Messaging pane.](./images/application-push-messaging-events.png)

1. Click an event to view the details in the space below the table.

   ![View the details of an event in the Push Messaging pane](./images/application-push-messaging-details.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Reporting API

The **Reporting API** enables web developers to receive reports of security violations, deprecated API calls, and others, from their production websites.

To see reports that have been sent by the browser using the **Reporting API**:

> 1. Open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by right-clicking in the webpage and selecting **Inspect**.  Or by pressing `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.
```

Author: Done, and removed `DevTools opens`.
